docs/kubernetes.md, before:

# Kubernetes
## kubectl v1.12.2
### General Practices 
* use `--context=` to ensure correct context is targeted
### CLI
setup env<br/>
```bash
sudo ln -s $(which kubectl) /usr/bin/k
```
resource short-names<br/>
```bash
svc    = service
ds     = daemonset
po     = pod
deploy = deployment
vs     = virtualservice
gw     = gateway
ksvc   = knative service
quota  = resourcequota
```
get resource YAML<br/>
```bash
k get <resource-type> <resoruce-id> -n <namespace> -o yaml
```
get the pods from a Deployment<br/>
```bash
deployment=<deployment name>
k get pod --selector="$(k describe deployments $deployment | grep Selector | awk '{print $2}')" --output=wide
```
delete Service and Deployment<br/>
```bash
deployment=<deployment-id>
namespace=<namespace>
k delete services $(k get svc --selector=$(k describe deployments $deployment -n $namespace | grep Selector | awk '{print $2}') | sed -n 2p | awk '{print $1}') 
k delete deploy $deployment -n $namespace
```
view all node taints<br/>
```bash
k get nodes -o json | jq '.items[] | .metadata.name, .spec.taints'
```
create busybox pod for troubleshooting<br/>
```bash
k run -i --tty --rm debug --image=busybox --restart=Never -- sh
```
restart all pods in a deployment/daemonset
```bash
k get pods -n namespace | grep pod-name | cut -d " " -f1 - | xargs k delete pod -n namespace
```
remove the CRD finalizer blocking
```bash
k patch crd/crontabs.stable.example.com -p '{"metadata":{"finalizers":[]}}' --type=merge
```
print resource usage in namespace
```bash
k -n mynamespace describe resourcequotas
```
#### Reports
see current resource usage vs limits per namespace
```bash
k get quota -A -o custom-columns=NAMESPACE:metadata.namespace,CPU_LIMIT:{'.status.hard.limits\.cpu'},CPU_USED:{'.status.used.limits\.cpu'},MEM_LIMIT:{'.status.hard.limits\.memory'},MEM_USED:{'.status.used.limits\.memory'}
```

## Istio
verify mesh policy exists
```bash
k get policies.authentication.istio.io --all-namespaces
k get meshpolicies.authentication.istio.io
```
get all istio destination rule hosts
```bash
k get destinationrules.networking.istio.io --all-namespaces -o yaml | grep "host:"
```
change envoy sidecare log level
```bash
k -n easybake exec -it -c istio-proxy easybake-ui-6bd7f9bf-9pb5w -- curl -XPOST http://localhost:15000/logging?level=trace
```
show given envoy configuration
```bash
istioctl proxy-config clusters -n istio-system istio-ingressgateway-65576f8745-kbvgl -o json
```
show routing for a port on a pod
```bash
istioctl proxy-config listeners easybake-ui-6bd7f9bf-klhvx -n easybake --port 3800 -o json
```

## General Networking
Flush iptables on a host
```
systemctl stop docker.service
iptables -F -t nat
iptables -X -t nat
iptables -F -t mangle
iptables -X -t mangle
iptables -F
iptables -X
systemctl start docker.service
```

## Weave
<a href="https://github.com/weaveworks/weave/releases">Download</a> the weave executable and place on k8s host. Make sure the version matches what is running in the cluster.</br>
Connection status between all hosts on the weave overlay network. If run on a healthy node the unhealthy node wont show up in the output. If run on an unhealthy node you will get no results
```
./weave status peers
```
Connection from the host you are on to the other hosts in the k8s cluster on the weave overlay network. If run on a healthy node you will see connections that could not be established in the output if there is an unhealthy node. If run on an unhealthy node you will see all the connections fail.
```
./weave status connections
```

Commit message:

Tip for viewing last cronjob jobs

docs/kubernetes.md, after:

# Kubernetes
## kubectl v1.12.2
### General Practices 
* use `--context=` to ensure correct context is targeted
### CLI
setup env<br/>
```bash
sudo ln -s $(which kubectl) /usr/bin/k
```
resource short-names<br/>
```bash
svc    = service
ds     = daemonset
po     = pod
deploy = deployment
vs     = virtualservice
gw     = gateway
ksvc   = knative service
quota  = resourcequota
```
get resource YAML<br/>
```bash
k get <resource-type> <resoruce-id> -n <namespace> -o yaml
```
get the pods from a Deployment<br/>
```bash
deployment=<deployment name>
k get pod --selector="$(k describe deployments $deployment | grep Selector | awk '{print $2}')" --output=wide
```
delete Service and Deployment<br/>
```bash
deployment=<deployment-id>
namespace=<namespace>
k delete services $(k get svc --selector=$(k describe deployments $deployment -n $namespace | grep Selector | awk '{print $2}') | sed -n 2p | awk '{print $1}') 
k delete deploy $deployment -n $namespace
```
view all node taints<br/>
```bash
k get nodes -o json | jq '.items[] | .metadata.name, .spec.taints'
```
create busybox pod for troubleshooting<br/>
```bash
k run -i --tty --rm debug --image=busybox --restart=Never -- sh
```
restart all pods in a deployment/daemonset
```bash
k get pods -n namespace | grep pod-name | cut -d " " -f1 - | xargs k delete pod -n namespace
```
remove the CRD finalizer blocking
```bash
k patch crd/crontabs.stable.example.com -p '{"metadata":{"finalizers":[]}}' --type=merge
```
print resource usage in namespace
```bash
k -n mynamespace describe resourcequotas
```
seeing the latest jobs from a cronjob is as  simple as listing all jobs in the namespace
```bash
k -n mynamespace get jobs
```
#### Reports
see current resource usage vs limits per namespace
```bash
k get quota -A -o custom-columns=NAMESPACE:metadata.namespace,CPU_LIMIT:{'.status.hard.limits\.cpu'},CPU_USED:{'.status.used.limits\.cpu'},MEM_LIMIT:{'.status.hard.limits\.memory'},MEM_USED:{'.status.used.limits\.memory'}
```

## Istio
verify mesh policy exists
```bash
k get policies.authentication.istio.io --all-namespaces
k get meshpolicies.authentication.istio.io
```
get all istio destination rule hosts
```bash
k get destinationrules.networking.istio.io --all-namespaces -o yaml | grep "host:"
```
change envoy sidecare log level
```bash
k -n easybake exec -it -c istio-proxy easybake-ui-6bd7f9bf-9pb5w -- curl -XPOST http://localhost:15000/logging?level=trace
```
show given envoy configuration
```bash
istioctl proxy-config clusters -n istio-system istio-ingressgateway-65576f8745-kbvgl -o json
```
show routing for a port on a pod
```bash
istioctl proxy-config listeners easybake-ui-6bd7f9bf-klhvx -n easybake --port 3800 -o json
```

## General Networking
Flush iptables on a host
```
systemctl stop docker.service
iptables -F -t nat
iptables -X -t nat
iptables -F -t mangle
iptables -X -t mangle
iptables -F
iptables -X
systemctl start docker.service
```

## Weave
<a href="https://github.com/weaveworks/weave/releases">Download</a> the weave executable and place on k8s host. Make sure the version matches what is running in the cluster.</br>
Connection status between all hosts on the weave overlay network. If run on a healthy node the unhealthy node wont show up in the output. If run on an unhealthy node you will get no results
```
./weave status peers
```
Connection from the host you are on to the other hosts in the k8s cluster on the weave overlay network. If run on a healthy node you will see connections that could not be established in the output if there is an unhealthy node. If run on an unhealthy node you will see all the connections fail.
```
./weave status connections
```
